The original code is a Node.js script that serves as a CLI tool for translating Notion pages using the DeepL API. It performs several tasks:

Environment Setup: It loads environment variables from a .env file and checks for the presence of required API tokens for Notion and DeepL.

API Clients Initialization: It initializes the Notion and DeepL API clients.

Language Support: It defines supported languages for translation.

Utility Functions: It includes utility functions for JSON prettification and property removal.

CLI Setup: It uses the commander library to set up CLI options and arguments.

Main Logic: The main function (buildTranslatedBlocks) recursively fetches and translates blocks of text from a Notion page. It also handles special cases like unsupported blocks, file blocks, and child pages.

Page Creation: It creates a new Notion page with the translated content.

Execution: An immediately invoked async function ((async function () {...})()) orchestrates the entire process.

Notable Points:
Error Handling: The script has robust error handling, including checking for missing API tokens and unsupported languages.

Pagination: It handles pagination for fetching blocks from Notion.

Deep Copy: It uses JSON.parse(JSON.stringify(obj)) for deep copying objects, which is not the most efficient or safest method but works for this use case.

Rate Limiting: The script doesn't seem to handle API rate limits, which could be an issue for large Notion pages or frequent translations.

Nested Blocks: The script handles nested blocks up to two levels deep in a single request, as per Notion API limitations.

Special Blocks: It has special handling for 'file', 'table', 'image', 'child_page', and 'child_database' block types.

Debugging: It includes optional debug logging.

The script is well-structured and modular, making it easier to understand and extend. However, it could benefit from further modularization, especially the large buildTranslatedBlocks function.

notion-translator --from en --to es --url https://fonck.notion.site/Build-A-Personal-Voice-Assistant-for-Telegram-Using-Python-and-ChatGPT-4396ec3d903949c18a3c278cd4329c16?pvs=4

node index.mjs --from en --to es --url https://fonck.notion.site/Build-A-Personal-Voice-Assistant-for-Telegram-Using-Python-and-ChatGPT-dc02f31bc5f44ac480e20c0a58da2d28?pvs=4

dc02f31b-c5f4-4ac4-80e2-0c0a58da2d28
